what's happening Magnus sites back with
another reaction video and this one
involves one of my inspirations one of
my role models the rock now wanted to
tell you all quick story cuz it may be
figitus well I was about to watch this a
real good friends and close with a
Puerto Rican family in my area right and
they would always have these parties and
they would invite me there was a guy
there named Alberto they knew that I
could do an impression of the rock so
he's always trying to give me a do it he
was French so whenever he would see me
he'll be like look at that ah and that's
exactly how he said look at that all if
you don't know what I'm saying I'm
saying look it's the rock and he
wouldn't just say it once or twice he
might say three or four times during the
time that I was there so I might see him
hey what's up Alberto
look at that up and then I might go get
a plate of food sit down be eating and
chilling he come walking by with a beer
that's the only thing that you say look
get that up so anyway hope y'all found
that funny so let's get down and watch
this trailer Oh Harold please see what's
going on
come on baby come on Buddha takes
forever for some of these applications
to open up on my motherfucking alright
about time
come on
how far you go
this can be saved
who are you
back on the innocent
we believe
I might be pretty good spoiler alert
there's part in the trailer word he's
attacked by a lion that seems to be
three or four times the size of wine is
supposed to be and they're coming at
each other like I'm in the next scene
you see him stand up you think it's the
lion no it's the Lions fur than its head
that's sitting on top of the is he has
slayed the lion and made it his own
overcooked so a couple of the Parsee i
gotta check that looked pretty good mmm
I have to go see a lot of the rocks
movies I didn't like a lot of them I
didn't like the woman ones that I liked
which actually really surprised me at
first was I liked faster he reminded me
of a terminator in that movie and I know
why now that they're looking for him to
be in the Terminator he wanted to be in
determinating next Terminator movie
anyway so and I like him as Hobbes in
the fascinate various movies I didn't
care for any of the other movies that
he's done could it because I'm so used
to seeing him on wrestling I don't know
yeah it was really hard for me to see
him play certain roles because of like
so used to you know seeing him every
week on TV playing the rock you know
shut your mouth you know all that stuff
so then when he's playing somebody else
was kind of like yes I could kind of buy
it I know he's not really like that no
like it was hard to break that fucking
image so I could still see him in that
which is kind of funny alas the rock man
would lion fur on his head and it's not
Hercules it's hard for me sometimes I'm
so useful as the rock but let me know
what y'all thought of it
I'll tell you later woman subscribers